Feat/2172/convert local preview files (#2504)
SAP/open-ux-tools: packages/create/README.md

sap-ux change inbound [path]
```

## sap-ux convert

> Calling `sap-ux convert` allows converting an app to a new feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executing `sap-ux convert` converts an app to a new feature.
```

Reviewer 2: Done in fe3e4ffa7a57333062a7629ce48b4f040708751f

### preview

> Calling `sap-ux convert preview-config` in the root folder of an app will convert the respective app to the preview with virtual files. It will use the configuration from the scripts in `package.json` to adjust the UI5 configuration yaml files accordingly. No longer needed js/ts sources will be deleted and the html files previously used for the preview will be renamed to *_old.html.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Executing `sap-ux convert preview-config` in the root folder of an app will convert the respective app to the preview with virtual files. It will use the configuration from the scripts in the `package.json` file to adjust the UI5 configuration YAML files accordingly. The obsolete JS and TS sources will be deleted and the HTML files previously used for the preview will be renamed to `*_old.html`.
```

Reviewer 2: Done in fe3e4ffa7a57333062a7629ce48b4f040708751f

```sh
sap-ux convert preview [path]
```

## sap-ux remove

> Calling `sap-ux remove` allows removing a feature to a project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Calling `sap-ux remove` allows removing a feature from a project.
```

Reviewer 2: Done in f41acea6cdc7bcf341fd9c72b7a4306e0012a3b5
